doc updates (#39801)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity.Broker/README.md

## Key concepts

> This package enables broker support via the `InteractiveBrowserCredentialBrokerOptions` in combination with the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` of the `Azure.Identity` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package enables authentication broker support via `InteractiveBrowserCredentialBrokerOptions`, in combination with `InteractiveBrowserCredential` in the `Azure.Identity` package.
```

### Parent window handles

When authenticating interactively via `InteractiveBrowserCredential` constructed with the `InteractiveBrowserCredentialBrokerOptions`, a parent window handle is required to ensure that the authentication dialog is shown correctly over the requesting window. In the context of graphical user interfaces on devices, a window handle is a unique identifier that the operating system assigns to each window. For the Windows operating system, this handle is an integer value that serves as a reference to a specific window.

### Microsoft account (MSA) passthrough

> Microsoft accounts (MSA) are personal accounts created by users to access Microsoft services. MSA passthrough is a legacy configuration which enables users to get tokens to resources which normally don't accept MSA logins. This feature is only available to first-party applications. Users authenticating with an application that is configured to use MSA passthrough can set `IsLegacyMsaPassthroughEnabled` to `true` on the `InteractiveBrowserCredentialBrokerOptions` to allow these personal accounts to be listed by WAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft accounts (MSA) are personal accounts created by users to access Microsoft services. MSA passthrough is a legacy configuration which enables users to get tokens to resources which normally don't accept MSA logins. This feature is only available to first-party applications. Users authenticating with an application that is configured to use MSA passthrough can set the `InteractiveBrowserCredentialBrokerOptions.IsLegacyMsaPassthroughEnabled` property to `true` to allow these personal accounts to be listed by WAM.
```
